fix(react-grid): make possible to define custom messages for TableFilterRow with TypeScript (#3298)
DevExpress/devextreme-reactive: packages/dx-react-grid/docs/reference/table-filter-row.md

lessThan? | string | 'Less than' | The 'lessThan' filter operation name.
lessThanOrEqual? | string | 'Less than or equal to' | The 'lessThanOrEqual' filter operation name.

> Note: there is also possible to define custom messages for the TableFilterRow (see [demo](../guides/filtering.md#custom-filter-operations))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also define custom messages for the `TableFilterRow`. Refer to the following demo for more information: [Custom Filter Operations](../guides/filtering.md#custom-filter-operations).
```
